Week 1

My team formed with the team name Newbie Squad, I created a new Jira project to invite all the team members and the lecturer
to join in. After the discussion with our team, we decided to develop a Car Space Renting System as our project.
We also discussed the technical background of each member and the requirements of the project to find out which web framework
is suitable for us to deploy the development. We had a preliminary background review of the related existing systems to come up
with some ideas of what functionalities we want to implement.

Week 2

We wrote a draft list of all the main functionalities that I update it to the Jira meeting note. 2 team members will do the
backend development using Flask framework and the rest 3(including myself) will do the frontend using React framework. We had 
a meeting to allocate different tasks for the project proposal to each member, one student will do the background part, two will do
the user stories and Sprints and the rest of two will do the technical depth and scale part.

Week 3
Each team member delivered their part of the proposal and I merge all the work into a proposal report. In this week, we also set the user stories
and divide them into three sprints, which means, we will use the three sprint structure. We discusss the details of the sprint 1 work and each team
members have their assigned user stories to implement.

Week 4
In this week, we start our sprint 1 work, and we find out there are some issue when doing the development, such as the connection issues between the
frontend and backend, lack of coding experience, poor UI/UX design. There are also some details that we haven't considered during the last week meeting,
so we held some meetings this week in order to solve the problem during the development and discuss some further details of the fuctionalities.

Week 5
We have to finalize our work in sprint 1 and show them to the tutors during the tutorial. Beacuse of the lack of experience and poor time management,
some team members are not able to deliver their assigned tasks on time, so we have to work together to sort it out. Moreover, there are some code conflicts
happened during the integration of the code, some bugs appeared ans we tried hard to fix them. Luckily, we complete our sprint 1 on time, we show the demo
get feedback from Mr Hamadi and we had our retrospective meeting after the demo.

Week 7
From the retrospective meeting last week, we find out there are a lot thing we have to improve not only the product also the team management and so on.
So in sprint 2, we assigned some to try list and assgined it to some team members to follow up. We decide to improve some functionalities we developed
from last sprint and add more objectives to implement in this sprint.

Week 8
From the previous lessons we learned from Demo A, we set a deadline for each team member assigned tasks. Each person in the team delivered their work on time.
So I have enough time to do the integration and test the system to see any bugs exsit. If I find out any bug or not satisfiec with any modules, I will ask the
team mates to debug or improve the modules. We did well in Demo B and we had our retrospective B meeting immediately after the demo.

Week 9